dashboards/us_agriculture.md, before:

# US Agriculture - Case Study

[Home Page](/index.md)

Follow changes overtime for major crops grown in the United States from 1990 to early 2020. Crops include corn, cotton, rice, soybeans, and wheat. Dive into where crops are planted and harvested down to a county level. Checkout the [full repository](https://github.com/matthewklim/us-agriculture)!

The goal of this exercise is to produce high-quality data visualizations. Analytics professionals frequently encounter messy and unfamiliar datasets, which require distilling complex information to make it accessible to data consumers. Intuitive and digestible output enables business users to make informed decisions.

<iframe src="https://public.tableau.com/views/USAgriculture_15891807504100/UnitedStatesAgriculture?:showVizHome=no&:embed=true"
 width="900" height="1000"></iframe>

## Background Context

I had the privilege of working with [The Food Project](https://thefoodproject.org/), a non-profit organization committed to building a sustainable, equitable, and accessible food system. I gained valuable insights into the challenges and opportunities of building a community-based food system that promotes environmental sustainability and social change.

Commit message:

add link to tableau public and update links

dashboards/us_agriculture.md, after:

# US Agriculture - Case Study

[Home Page](/index.md)

Follow changes overtime for major crops grown in the United States from 1990 to early 2020. Crops include corn, cotton, rice, soybeans, and wheat. Dive into where crops are planted and harvested down to a county level. Checkout the **[GitHub](https://github.com/matthewklim/us-agriculture)** repository to see the [SQL](https://github.com/matthewklim/us-agriculture/blob/master/sql/clean_script/data_preparation_clean.sql) used for data preparation or view the full size dashboard on **[Tableau Public](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/matthew.lim3502/viz/USAgriculture_15891807504100/UnitedStatesAgriculture)**!

The goal of this exercise is to produce high-quality data visualizations. Analytics professionals frequently encounter messy and unfamiliar datasets, which require distilling complex information to make it accessible to data consumers. Intuitive and digestible output enables business users to make informed decisions.

<iframe src="https://public.tableau.com/views/USAgriculture_15891807504100/UnitedStatesAgriculture?:showVizHome=no&:embed=true"
 width="1000" height="1000"></iframe>

## Background Context

I had the privilege of working with **[The Food Project](https://thefoodproject.org/)**, a non-profit organization committed to building a sustainable, equitable, and accessible food system. I gained valuable insights into the challenges and opportunities of building a community-based food system that promotes environmental sustainability and social change.
